[Docs] Translate the documentation of hook design (#780)
open-mmlab/mmengine: docs/en/design/hook.md

        call_hooks('before_train_epoch', hooks)
        for inputs, labels in train_dataloader:
            call_hooks('before_train_iter', hooks)
            outputs = net(inputs)
            loss = criterion(outputs, labels)
            call_hooks('after_train_iter', hooks)
            loss.backward()
            optimizer.step()
        call_hooks('after_train_epoch', hooks)

        call_hooks('before_val_epoch', hooks)
        with torch.no_grad():
            for inputs, labels in val_dataloader:
                call_hooks('before_val_iter', hooks)
                outputs = net(inputs)
                loss = criterion(outputs, labels)
                call_hooks('after_val_iter', hooks)
        call_hooks('after_val_epoch', hooks)

        call_hooks('before_save_checkpoint', hooks)
    call_hooks('after_train', hooks)

    call_hooks('before_test_epoch', hooks)
    with torch.no_grad():
        for inputs, labels in test_dataloader:
            call_hooks('before_test_iter', hooks)
            outputs = net(inputs)
            accuracy = ...
            call_hooks('after_test_iter', hooks)
    call_hooks('after_test_epoch', hooks)

    call_hooks('after_run', hooks)
```

> In MMEngine, we encapsulates the training process into an executor (`Runner`). Besides initializing the environment, another function of the `Runner` is to call hooks at specific mount points to complete the customization logic. For more information about `Runner`, please read the [Runner documentation](../tutorials/runner.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In MMEngine, we encapsulates the training process into an executor (`Runner`). The `Runner` calls hooks at specific mount points to complete the customization logic. For more information about `Runner`, please read the [Runner documentation](../tutorials/runner.md).
```

> To facilitate management, MMEngine defines mount points as methods and integrates them into [Base Hook](mmengine.hooks.Hook), we just need to inherit the base hook and implement custom logic at specific loci according to our needs, then register the hooks to the `Runner`. Those hooks will be called automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To facilitate management, MMEngine defines mount points as methods and integrates them into [Base Hook](mmengine.hooks.Hook). We just need to inherit the base hook and implement custom logic at specific location according to our needs, then register the hooks to the `Runner`. Those hooks will be called automatically.
```
